Add tutorial "Create a NFT with wallet library and IPFS" (#712)
iota-wiki/iota-wiki: content/tutorials/single-page-tutorials/create-nft-with-wallet-lib.md

## Setup

### Prepare development environment

Navigate to the folder of the prerequired tutorial "Setup testnet address and receive funds from faucet":

```bash
cd wallet-setup
```

Next to the existing dependencies of the wallet setup tutorial, you will only need to add two more packages:

```bash
npm install @iota/client
npm install ipfs-core@0.10.8
```

Afterwards your `package.json` should at least contain the following dependencies:

```json
{
  "name": "wallet-setup",
  "version": "1.0.0",
  "description": "",
  "main": "create-mnemonic.js",
  "dependencies": {
    "@iota/client": "^3.0.0-alpha.7",
    "@iota/wallet": "^2.0.2-alpha.21",
    "bip39": "^3.0.4",
    "dotenv": "^16.0.1",
    "ipfs-core": "^0.15.4"
  },
  "scripts": {
    "test": "echo \"Error: no test specified\" && exit 1"
  },
  "author": "",
  "license": "Apache-2.0"
}
```

***

### Prepare image for NFT

Add your desired `*.jpg` file to this folder and rename it to `nft-image.jpg`.

For this tutorial we'll use the following image:

![NFT Image](./images/nft-image.jpg)

***

## Scripts

### Create NFT

Create a new file `create-nft.js` and add the following code:

> > **NOTE:**  We broke the code into separate snippets to help you understand it better. To make it work, copy all code snippets one after another into the file that you have just created.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:::note

We broke the code into separate snippets to help you understand it better. To make it work, copy all code snippets one after another into the file that you have just created.

:::
```

# Create a NFT with wallet library and IPFS

> In this tutorial you will upload your desired image to IPFS and create a NFT from the unique IPFS URL on the Shimmer testnet. This tutorial will build on the tutorial "Setup testnet address and receive funds from faucet" ([IOTA Wiki PR under review](https://github.com/iota-community/iota-wiki/pull/711)). If you haven't completed it, please do so and afterwards come back here. You will use the same folder and development environment as in the mentioned prerequired tutorial, which will allow you to reuse the Stronghold account with funds on it.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In this tutorial, you will upload your desired image to [IPFS](https://ipfs.tech/) and create an NFT from the unique IPFS URL on the Shimmer testnet. This tutorial will build on the tutorial "Setup testnet address and receive funds from the faucet" ([IOTA Wiki PR under review](https://github.com/iota-community/iota-wiki/pull/711)). If you haven't completed it, please do so, and afterward, come back here. You will use the same folder and development environment as in the mentioned prerequired tutorial, allowing you to reuse the Stronghold account with funds on it.
```

Reviewer 2: just a reminder to update the link when it's published :)

Reviewer: Let's just fix it now. And merge the other PR first

Reviewer: Updated

## Prerequisites

> - Installed [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/en/)
> - Finished [Setup testnet address and receive funds from faucet](https://wiki.iota.org/wallet-setup) tutorial

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/en/).
- Finish the [Set up testnet address and receive funds from faucet](https://wiki.iota.org/wallet-setup) tutorial.
```
just in case, do we require a specific/minimum node version?

Reviewer: Not sure. But I don't think so 🤔 . Let me ask

## Setup

> ### Prepare development environment

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### Prepare Your Development Environment
```

> Navigate to the folder of the prerequired tutorial [Setup testnet address and receive funds from faucet](https://wiki.iota.org/wallet-setup):

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Navigate to the folder you created when completing the [set up a testnet address and receive funds from the faucet tutorial](https://wiki.iota.org/wallet-setup):
```

Is it at all possible that someone who already has a running wallet with testnet address would want to start in this tutorial?

Reviewer: Yeah. We should mention that option I guess. You are right 🤔

```bash
cd wallet-setup
```

> Next to the existing dependencies of the wallet setup tutorial, you will only need to add two more packages:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
#### Install Packages

Next to the existing dependencies of the wallet setup tutorial, you will only need to add two more packages by running the following commands:

```

```bash
npm install @iota/client
npm install ipfs-core@0.10.8
```

> Afterwards your `package.json` should at least contain the following dependencies:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Afterward, your `package.json` file should contain the following dependencies:
```

> ```json

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```json {6-12}
```

Reviewer 2: this way we highlight the relevant lines :)

Reviewer: Great. I was already looking on how to show this feature. Didn't think about this part ❤️

{
  "name": "wallet-setup",
  "version": "1.0.0",
  "description": "",
  "main": "create-mnemonic.js",
  "dependencies": {
    "@iota/client": "^3.0.0-alpha.7",
    "@iota/wallet": "^2.0.2-alpha.21",
    "bip39": "^3.0.4",
    "dotenv": "^16.0.1",
    "ipfs-core": "^0.15.4"
  },
  "scripts": {
    "test": "echo \"Error: no test specified\" && exit 1"
  },
  "author": "",
  "license": "Apache-2.0"
}
```

***

> ### Prepare image for NFT

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### Prepare an Image for the NFT
```

> Add your desired `*.jpg` file to this folder and rename it to `nft-image.jpg`.

Reviewer 2: to the `wallet-setup` folder?

Reviewer: Yes

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Add your desired `*.jpg` file to the `wallet-setup` folder you created and rename it to `nft-image.jpg`.
```

For this tutorial we'll use the following image:

![NFT Image](./images/nft-image.jpg)

***

## Scripts

### Create NFT

Create a new file `create-nft.js` and add the following code:

:::note

> We broke the code into separate snippets to help you understand it better. To make it work, copy all code snippets one after another into the file that you have just created.

Reviewer 2: Do we host the entire example somewhere? We could provide a link if so.

            standard: "IRC27",
            type: "image/jpeg",
            version: "v1.0",
            name: "<Enter_your_desired_name_here>",
            uri: `https://ipfs.io/ipfs/${ipfsCid}`
        };

        const metadataBytes = utf8ToHex(JSON.stringify(metadataObject));
```

#### 4. Import Stronghold account and synchronize

```javascript
        const manager = new AccountManager({
            storagePath: `./${accountName}-database`,
        });
        await manager.setStrongholdPassword(password);
        const account = await manager.getAccount(accountName);
        
        await account.sync();
```

#### 5. Mint NFT

```javascript
        const response = await account.mintNfts([
            {
                immutableMetadata: metadataBytes
            }
        ]);

        console.log(consoleColor, `Your NFT was successfully minted in this block:`);
        console.log(`${explorerURL}/block/${response.blockId}`, '\n')
    } catch (error) {
        console.log('Error: ', error);
    }
    process.exit(0);
}

run();
```

Run the script `create-nft.js` and check the console output to follow along the steps described above:

```
node create-nft.js
```

> Make sure to check out the transaction block that minted your NFT in the Shimmer explorer. If everything went according to plan, the transaction spent a basic output and created two new unspent outputs, one NFT output and a new basic output. In the newly created NFT output, you can see the immutable metadata of your NFT together with the unique IPFS URL.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Make sure to check out the transaction block that minted your NFT in the Shimmer explorer. If everything went according to plan, the transaction spent a basic output and created two new unspent outputs, one NFT output, and a new basic output. In the newly created NFT output, you can see the immutable metadata of your NFT together with the unique IPFS URL.

```

# Create an NFT with the Wallet Library and IPFS

> In this tutorial, you will upload your desired image to [IPFS](https://ipfs.tech/) and create an NFT from the unique IPFS URL on the Shimmer testnet. This tutorial will build on the tutorial "Setup testnet address and receive funds from the faucet" ([IOTA Wiki PR under review](https://github.com/iota-community/iota-wiki/pull/711)). If you haven't completed it, please do so, and afterward, come back here. You will use the same folder and development environment as in the mentioned prerequired tutorial, allowing you to reuse the Stronghold account with funds on it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this tutorial, you will upload your desired image to [IPFS](https://ipfs.tech/) and create an NFT from the unique IPFS URL on the Shimmer testnet. This tutorial will build on the tutorial "Setup testnet address and receive funds from the faucet" ([IOTA Wiki PR under review](https://wiki.iota.org/wallet-setup)). If you haven't completed it, please do so, and afterward, come back here. You will use the same folder and development environment as in the mentioned prerequired tutorial, allowing you to reuse the Stronghold account with funds on it.

```

# Create an NFT with the Wallet Library and IPFS

> In this tutorial, you will upload your desired image to [IPFS](https://ipfs.tech/) and create an NFT from the unique IPFS URL on the Shimmer testnet. This tutorial will build on the tutorial "Setup testnet address and receive funds from the faucet" ([IOTA Wiki PR under review](https://wiki.iota.org/wallet-setup)). If you haven't completed it, please do so, and afterward, come back here. You will use the same folder and development environment as in the mentioned prerequired tutorial, allowing you to reuse the Stronghold account with funds on it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this tutorial, you will upload your desired image to [IPFS](https://ipfs.tech/) and create an NFT from the unique IPFS URL on the Shimmer testnet. This tutorial will build on the tutorial "Setup testnet address and receive funds from the faucet" ([IOTA Wiki PR under review](https://wiki.iota.org/wallet-setup)). If you haven't completed it, please do so, and afterward, come back here, or make sure you have a prefunded address. You will use the same folder and development environment as in the mentioned prerequired tutorial, allowing you to reuse the Stronghold account with funds on it.

```

Reviewer: @lucas-tortora would something like this work?
